British English Academy.
A1 listening activity.
Course: A1 Starter English.
Module 5: Daily Routines and Free Time.
Lesson 1: Daily Routines and Free Time: Grammar Lesson 1.
Listen slowly. Repeat each short sentence.
Listen for the target grammar. Notice the form, the meaning, and the example.
Learning objective: Learners can name, identify, ask and answer basic questions in a grammar task about food.
Today you will practise language connected to food.
Target language: basic imperatives.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise grammar for daily routines and free time. You will learn useful language connected to food and practise basic imperatives. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A1 level.